hey guys it's mike and holly and i guess
its shopkin saturday will do this for
shopping saturday yeah well you gotta
win we got a regular shopping saturday
today too but when we found we actually
found the three of the well i don't know
what the fashions are the all fashions
freaking no this one's yeah that's a
fashion spree set though oh okay so we
found three more the fashions preset so
this one is the cool casual collection
so cool oh I thought it was a
refrigerator so casual it doesn't think
I look at it and it's like I just a
stand so well it's a wardrobe wardrobe
any camera same thing what's cool about
this is you get a little bit of play
stuff but you also get 8 exclusive
shopkins which will show you we found
this at target and I don't know how much
it was so sorry probably around ten or
fifteen dollars i would say 15 properly
so we'll go ahead and get this out of
its packaging show you guys how the
exclusive shopkins in the few play
things that you get with this ok so i
will go ahead and open package and the
cool thing about this is they have the
names of the shopping song bye-bye so
here you go I'll be set shop never put
the names on there look at that so
finally okay so let me get everything
out so that it looks like you got three
accessories so like that hat stand i
guess or shopkins standish options Oh
weekend wardrobe a stool and a sand okay
I'm gonna start with the two like boot
ones which are I guess it the same are
they the same name um it says Peter
sneaker so you must get this sunny yeah
they look the same they're just
different colors even like the yellow is
there Peter Peter Peter sneakers Peter
sneaker
I do not know okay so let's go up the
brim pink at this is floppy hat floppy
hat cool I like that one and then we'll
go with the the bag yellow bag satchel
that's all that's it that's it satchel
Susie satchel Sally satel well they've
done Susie and Vitaly so much lately
though just satchel that's it since
satchel something oh it's kinda neat
though it's okay so this oh this is cool
this is bop top Bach top so it's
actually like a shirt that's oh that's a
little different that's got a little
shopkins in the middle there yeah it's
on the tag oh you gotten then you get
the little aspect there too that's
adorable I like that one okay oh this is
cool haha smarty phone very well wow
that's it like that's nice creative oh
you guys can't really sit a little
envelope for like a message and a little
phone yeah absolutely it's got a kitty
cat you can see like the headphones
coming out the top I like that one
holding the phone up soon huh oh geez
okay this must be like a skirt this is
Penelope pleats so it's like a pleated
skirt I wonder Oh kinda kinda works oh
my gosh we're building a shopkins outfit
it's a huge shock that is too funny to
do a close-up on that okay and last one
oh I like these last one is Shane that's
cool oh I don't know if I this will
happen but there we go you did it just
has no arms closer not like that I'll
zoom in right now we have a little
shopkins person well yes the arms are
there was no but not really though it's
just funny with all the little eyeballs
of wonder okay so we get a little what
is this for thing back out now oh yeah
what is the little bench type thing um
cuz its angle to wrap is that what it is
yeah they show the shoes on it on the
back of the box so okay so you get the
little wardrobe wardrobe with the little
insert I don't know it's kind of handle
it does haha so you can even play with
it like that if you wanted to put like
your supers in the bottom or you can do
that that is really cute with a little
smiley face it's got like wood griot the
dock little screws in the corner it's a
little bit of detail they went into it
starburst hairless curtain and the
shades up there and the shirt down there
okay the phone's not gonna fit in there
though so that's pretty cool so neat
little just like lay area two little
stools that are at different heights so
that your shopkins are staggered from
one another a cool little shoe rack
smartphone little shelves that's
adorable this neatly all set okay so
should we pick our favorite shopkin oh
this set well I think we should okay I'm
gonna pick sheets so how he's gone the
sunglasses smarty phone no and satchels
cool but yeah I'll see shades that was
the one that jumped out at me hmm i
guess i will go a smarty phone although
I kind of like the whole shirt thing I
think that's a neat hop nice i like the
name to bop bop bop so we won't know
from you guys which one is your favorite
shopkin in this set I'll leave it in the
comments love and thanks for watching
guys be sure to comment rate and
subscribe bye
you